We're no strangers to love
You know the rules,
and so do I I'm
thinking
about a serious relationship
You won't get this
with any other guy
I just want to tell you
how I'm feeling
I want you to understand that I'll never give up on
you I'll
never let you down I'll
never run away or abandon you I'll never make you
cry I'll
never say goodbye I'll
never lie or hurt you We've
known each other for a long time
Your heart aches,
but you're too shy to say it
Inside, we both know
what's happening
We know the game and we're going to play it
And if you ask me
how I'm feeling
Don't tell me you're too blind to see I'll
never give up on you I'll never let you
down
I'll never run away or abandon you I'll never make you
cry I'll never say
goodbye I'll never
lie or hurt you I'll never give up on you I'll never let you down I'll never
run away or abandon you I'll never make you cry I'll never
say goodbye I'll
never lie or hurt you
(Ah, give up on you)
(Ah, give up on you) I'll never give up
, I'll never give up (
Give up on you) I'll never give up, I'll
never give up (Give up
on  (You)
We've known each other for a long time.
Your heart aches,
but you're too shy to say it.
Inside, we both know
what's happening.
We know the game and we're going to play it.
I just want to tell you
how I'm feeling.
I want you to understand that I
will never give up on you. I will never let you
down.
I will never run away or abandon you. I will never make you
cry. I will never
say goodbye. I will never
lie or hurt you. I will never
give up on you. I will never let you down. I will
never run away or abandon you. I
will never make you cry. I
will never say goodbye. I will never lie or
hurt you. I will never give up
on you. I will never let you down.
I will never run away or abandon you. I will never make you
cry. I will
never say goodbye. I will never
lie or hurt you.